Kotlin: Add docs for Map data type (#2755)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/kotlin/realm-database/schemas/supported-types.txt

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/kotlin/QuickStartTest.snippet.quick-start-unsubscribe-to-changes.kt
   :language: kotlin

.. _kotlin-define-realm-dictionary-type:

RealmDictionary/RealmMap
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can define a 
`RealmDictionary <{+kotlin-local-prefix+}io.realm.kotlin.types/-realm-dictionary/index.html>`__,
which is a specialized 
`RealmMap <{+kotlin-local-prefix+}io.realm.kotlin.types/-realm-map/index.html>`__ 

> whose keys are strings. The RealmMap is an associative array that contains 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where every key is a string. A ``RealmMap`` is an associative array that contains 
```

key-value pairs with unique keys. 

> A RealmDictionary's value type may be any type of Realm primitive nullable 
> or non-nullable value. If a RealmDictionary's value is a ``RealmObject`` or
> ``EmbeddedRealmObject``, the value must be declared nullable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A ``RealmDictionary`` may contain values of any Realm primitive type, either
nullable or non-nullable. If a ``RealmDictionary``'s value is a ``RealmObject``
or ``EmbeddedRealmObject``, the value must be declared nullable.
```

wording tweak + monospace for code object names
